bpo-44187: Quickening infrastructure (#26264)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-05-20-12-43-04.bpo-44187.3lk0L1.rst

Implement quickening in the interpreter. This offers no advantages in

> itself, but is an enabler of future optimizations. See PEP 659 for full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement quickening in the interpreter. This offers no advantages as
yet, but is an enabler of future optimizations. See PEP 659 for full
```
("As yet" makes it clearer to me that eventually quickening *will* have advantages. :-)
